well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
economy
and the stock market and the jobs report
that just got released
for the month of november um on the
headline
that looks pretty good almost a quarter
million new jobs created that sounds
awesome when you get past the headline
not so much
what it shows is that job growth is
slowing
it is trending down we are creating less
jobs per month
than we should be we are currently
still 10 million jobs down
from when the bottom fell out
at this rate with current trends it will
take about
four years to recoup the jobs that were
lost
all of those early gains that somebody
took credit for
that was just people going back to work
after being temporarily laid off
um so
that's not great we also see
rising long-term unemployment
that is people who've been unemployed
for longer than six months
the longer somebody is out of work the
harder it is
to get back into the job market aside
from that
uh benefits run out that's
that's a bad sign that has gone up
by 385 000 last month to a total of 3.9
million
making long-term unemployed 37 percent
of all of those out of the job right now
that's that's pretty high just
historically speaking
aside from that we also have a shrinking
labor force
people are choosing to exit the job
market completely or at least for an
extended period of time
for a whole bunch of reasons
of course all of this is hitting
the black community the hardest
the current jobless rate is 10.3 percent
for white folk it is 5.9
okay so here's the real lesson though
all of this is bad news for us
but when the stock market heard the news
well it went up the dow
s p 500 and nasdaq all were like hey
this is good
because they believe that it
kind of forecasted uh more stimulus
so what this does is it shows a
disconnect
the stock market is not the economy it
never has been
that's how a lot of people have been
looking at it over the last
four years or so because that was the
metric that was used
but for the average person that's not
uh it's not a good metric how the stock
market is performing
does not typically affect the way a
whole lot of people are getting food on
their table
all of this is going on and well
maybe we'll get another stimulus check
for those who need it
something probably has to change in the
way our economy is run
this is probably not a sustainable
method of doing things
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day